
.. index:: Results; Sections

Sections of the results page
----------------------------

The Results page is divided into five sections. The first section is the
General Particulars section containing the file name and the date that it was
generated on. The next three sections, the Patient Particulars, Prescription,
and Treatment Parameters sections, correspond to the data entry sections of
the same name. The fields are also the same, so they will not be discussed
here.




The last section is the Dose Results section. Here the results calculated are
displayed. This section varies according to the prescription type that was
selected. The first three results remain the same for both prescription
types, namely; the % Skin Dose, the % Tumour Dose and the % Maximum Dose. The
% Skin Dose is the percentage of the total dose at the skin. The % Tumour
Dose is the percentage dose at the tumour and the % Maximum Dose is the
percentage of the total dose at the depth of maximum build-up.




After these parameters, the number of monitor units per field per fraction is
shown. This is the value that will be set on the accelerator console. If the
'Tumour dose' was specified in the prescription type then the tumour dose per
fraction per field is given followed by the maximum dose per fraction. If the
dose to maximum build-up was specified then the number of monitor units is
followed by the maximum dose per fraction per field followed by the tumour
dose per fraction. Underneath the monitor units either the 'Total dose at
maximum build-up' is given if the 'Tumour dose' was prescribed or the 'Total
dose at the isocentre' is given if the 'Maximum dose' was prescribed. The
Reference dose is the dose at Dmax for each field. This can be used to check
In-Vivo Dosimeter (IVD) readings. Lastly, the 'Total Dose at the Skin' is
given.




When you are sure the Results page is correct you may print it.


